Beeping
Did you hear that? Oh no! We better hide!
An alert tone is used to signal there may
be a possible problem that wardens are currently investigating.
We need to remain in an alert condition,
wait for another set of instructions and stay in this area.
Let me see if there are any customers,
visitors or vulnerable persons that might need assistance
should we need to evacuate.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That sounded different. What do we do now?
That is the evacuation tone to signal we
need to evacuate.
Don't worry.
Our sites all have a designated assembly
point.
Let's take the closest exit and go to the
assembly point area
at the furthermost point of the car park.
We can now safely wait and follow
instructions from the Chief Warden or Emergency Service personnel.
Remember, evacuation drills should be
practised yearly
in Australia or every six months in New
Zealand.
Upon hearing the evacuation tone or alert
signal,
you need to take the appropriate action.
Ask your manager to explain the alarms
as different sites have different alarms
in place.
Remain calm and do not run.
When instructed, leave the building
immediately
and check the room you are leaving is
empty.
Do not take personal belongings
and do not use elevators or lifts.
Go to the designated assembly areas.
If you are unsure, ask the Person in
Charge (PiC)
where your site's assembly point is
located
and listen for and follow instructions
from the Chief Warden or emergency service
personnel.
Do not re-enter a building or leave the
assembly area
until you are told to do so.